Implement traefik as ddev-router, fixes #3458, fixes #2653 (#4248)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/custom-tls-certificates.md

It’s possible to use “real” TLS certificates issued by a CA rather than the local-development-oriented `mkcert` command.

1. Obtain a certificate and key from Let’s Encrypt or another source.
2. Install the certificate and key in your project’s `.ddev/custom_certs` directory.

>    * If using traditional router (current default), each certificate must be named with the pattern `fqdn.crt` and `fqdn.key`. If you’re working with a project `example.ddev.site`, you would have `example.ddev.site.crt` and `example.ddev.site.key` in `.ddev/custom_certs`. There must be one cert-set for each FQDN handled by the project.

Reviewer: Reword slightly to warm up language, clarify example, and more concisely reference default:

```suggestion
   * If you’re using the default router, each certificate must be named with the pattern `fqdn.crt` and `fqdn.key`. A project named `example.ddev.site`, for example, would need `example.ddev.site.crt` and `example.ddev.site.key` in `.ddev/custom_certs`. There must be one cert-set for each FQDN handled by the project.
```

>    * If using Traefik (`ddev config global --use-traefik`) then the files should be named `<projectname>.crt` and `<projectname>.key`, for example `exampleproj.crt` and `exampleproj.key`.

Reviewer: Replace redundant instruction with link:

```suggestion
   * If you’re [using Traefik](../configuration/experimental.md#traefik-router), the files should be named `<projectname>.crt` and `<projectname>.key`, for example `exampleproj.crt` and `exampleproj.key`.
```

Because there’s more to know about Traefik in general, and in this context the focus is on custom certificates.

3. Run [`ddev start`](../basics/commands.md#start) and verify using a browser that you’re using the right certificate.

> When using Traefik you have other options, and can completely override configuration and certificates using the `.ddev/traefik` directory.

Reviewer: This is covered on the page we’re now linking to, and it’s odd to _sort of_ explain it here.

```suggestion
```
